"Automatic" simply means that you cannot repair it yourself.
90% of everything is crud.
A Project Manager is like the madam in a brothel. His job is to seethat everything comes off right.
A Smith & Wesson always beats four aces.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A bird in the hand is worth about three Kleenex.
A child's ability to endure likely stems from his ignorance ofalternatives.
A clean desk is a sign of a sick mind.
A closed mouth says nothing wrong; a closed mind does nothing right.
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from amore simple system that worked.
A computer makes as many mistakes in one second as three men workingfor thirty years straight.
A conference is simply an admission that you want somebody else tojoin you in your troubles.
A dog is a dog except when he is facing you. Then he is Mr. Dog.
A fellow who is always declaring that he is no fool usually harborssuspicions to the contrary.
A fool and his money are some party.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
A good listener not only is popular everywhere but also, after awhile, knows something.
A great deal of money is never enough once you have it.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A liberalism incapable of fiscal self-discipline brings about aradical conservatism conspicuous for its selfishness andinsensitivity.
A major failure will not occur until after the unit has passed finalinspection.
A man does not look behind the door unless he has stood therehimself.
A man will believe anything that does not cost him anything.
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours arelost.
A miser is a fellow who lives within his income. He is also called amagician.
A misplaced decimal point will always end up where it will do thegreatest damage.
A narrow mind has a broad tongue.
A neurotic builds castles in the air.A psychotic lives in castles in the air.And a psychiatrist is the guy who collects the rent.
A perfectly calm day will turn gusty the instant you drop a $20 bill.
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick inhis mouth.
A politician's most important ability is to foretell what will happentomorrow and next month and next year - and to explain afterwards whyit didn't happen.
A seeming ignorance is often a most necessary part of worldlyknowledge.
A sense of decency is often a decent man's undoing.
A short cut is the longest distance between two points.
A stockbroker is someone who invests your money until it is all gone.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
A yacht is a hole in the water, lined with wood, steel, or fiberglass,through which one pours all his money.
Academic rivalries are so intense because the stakes are so small.
Activity is the politician's substitute for achievement.
Adam Smith revisited: Work creates Wealth, which is then Redistributedin the holy name of Social Justice. That is to say, what is mine isyours, and his, and hers, and theirs...
Adventure is no more than discomfort and annoyance recollected in thesafety of reminiscence.
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
Against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain.
All great discoveries are made by mistake.
All skill is in vain when an angel pees in the barrel of your rifle.
All things are possible.Except skiing through a revolving door.
All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap than a thinperson.
All turtle thoughts are of turtle.
All warranties expire upon payment of invoice.
All work and no play make Jack a dull boy and Jill a wealthy widow.
All's well that ends.
Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.
Although I may disagree with what you say, I will defend to the deathyour right to hear me tell you how wrong you are.
Always address your elders with respect; they could leave you afortune.
Always convice those whom you are about to deceive that you are actingin their best interests.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing else annoys them as much.
Always mistrust a subordinate who never finds fault with his boss.
Ambition is the curse of the political class.
Among economists, the real world is generally considered to be aspecial case.
An easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful than acomplex, incomprehensible truth.
An economy cannot afford high tech unless it has a basic structure ofother industry to provide the savings that will support high techuntil it begins to pay off.
An efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty.
An elephant is a mouse built to government specifications.
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until heknows absolutely everything about nothing.
An infinite number of mediocrities do not add up to one genius.
An open mouth oft-times accompanies a closed mind.
An unhappy crew makes for a dangerous voyage.
Anger is never without an argument, or with a good one.
Any appetite is its own excuse for existing.
Any component, when inadvertently dropped, will roll into a hidingplace, the inaccessibility of which is proportional to the square ofthe component's irreplaceability.
Any contract drawn in more than 50 words contains at least oneloophole.
Any given computer program, when running, is obsolete.
Any machine design must contain at least one part which is obsolete,two parts which are unobtainable, and three parts which are stillunder development.
Any simple theory will be worded in the most complicated terms.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Anyone can handle a crisis.It's everyday living that kills you.
Anyone in good enough condition to run three miles a day is in goodenough condition not to have to.
Art is a passion pursued with discipline; science is a disciplinepursued with passion.
As scarce as truth is, the supply invariably exceeds the demand.
As the rabbit said, if that ain't a wolf, it's a hell of a big dog.
Ask your children what they want for dinner only if they are buying.
Assumptions, so often full of holes, remain precious to theconvinced.
At best, life is a spiral and never a pendulum. What has been donecannot be undone.
Bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones.
Bankers are the assassins of hope.
Basic research is what you do when you don't know what you are doing.
Be a corporate good citizen; hire the morally handicapped.
Be kind to your web-footed friends; that duck may be a buyer.
There's no intelligent life down here.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone.
Behind every successful man is an astonished mother-in-law.
Being king is not much fun if no one knows you are one.
Bend the facts to fit the conclusion. It's easier that way.
Beware of all enterprises requiring new clothes.
Black holes are outa sight!
Blessed are the censors, for they shall inhibit the earth.
Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the crap.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
Blessed be he who is called a big wheel, for he goeth around incircles.
Bosses come and bosses go, but a good secretary lasts forever.
Bullshit baffles brains.
By the time most of us have money to burn, our fire's gone out.
By working faithfully 8 hours a day, you may eventually get to be aboss and work 12 hours a day.
Celibacy is not hereditary.
Cheer up.The first hundred years are the hardest!
Children are a comfort in your old age, and they will even help youreach it.
Civil servants are neither civil nor servile.
Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius.
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable. Anysystem which depends upon human reliability is unreliable. You canrely on it.
Confidence is the feeling you had before you knew better.
Construct a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will wantto use it.
Crime is merely politics without the excuses.
Crisis management works beautifully until an actual crisis occurs.
Da trouble wit computers is, dey got no sense of humor.
Days you attend top-level meetings and days you get hiccups tend tofall on the same dates.
Degeneration and evolution are not the same thing.
Desperate diseases require desperate remedies.
Did you know that if you maintain a cholesterol-free diet, your bodymakes its own cholesterol.
Diogenes is still searching.
Distrust your first impressions; they are invariably too favorable.
Don't be afraid to take a big step. You cannot cross a chasm in twosmall steps.
Don't be so humble...you aren't that great.
Don't get married if you are afraid of solitude.
Don't hit a man when he's down unless you are damned certain he won'tget up.
Don't wear earmuffs in a bed of rattlesnakes.
Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you. They're toobusy worrying about what you are thinking of them.
Dr. Faustus, call your service.
During Britain's "brain drain," not a single politician left thecountry.
Economics is the only calling in which one can have a lifetimereputation as an expert without ever once being right.
Education confers understanding, knowledge, and competence; schoolsconfer degrees.
Enthusiasm wanes, but dullness lasts forever.
Eternity is a terrible thought...where will it all end
Even Mason and Dixon had to draw the line somewhere.
Even the most faithful believer can serve a false god.
Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
Every family tree has some sap.
Every institution tends to perish through an excess of its ownpolicy.
Every society professes the existence of inalienable human rights;most, however, are somewhat vague as to just what they are.
Everybody's death simplifies life for someone.
Everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work.
Everything comes to he who waits - providing he has either infinitepatience or infinite wealth.
Everything east of the San Andreas Fault will eventually plunge intothe Atlantic Ocean.
Everything not forbidden by the laws of Nature is mandatory. Troubleis, nearly everything is forbidden.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the onlything.
Excellence is an option that is renewable.
Expectations should not determine whether or not one acts, nor how.
Expensive fertilizers that do nothing for your grass will give you themost gorgeous weeds you ever saw.
Experience is a good teacher, but submits huge bills.
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you wanted.
Experimentation is the mother of confusion.
Extinction is the ultimate fate of all species.
Extreme boredom serves to cure boredom.
Extreme sorrow laughs; extreme joy weeps.
Extremely happy and extremely unhappy men are alike prone to growhard-hearted.
Facts cannot prevail against faith, or adamant folly.
Failure is a measurement that depends on the standard applied.
Fear is no great respecter of reason.
Feed the wolf as you will; he will always look to the forest.
Fill what's empty.Empty what's full.And scratch where it itches.
Fire and water.Matter and anti-matter.Money and morality.
First secure an independent income, then practice virtue.
Fools belittle that which they do not understand.Cynics belittle everything.Midgets simply belittle.
For a man of fortitude, there are no walls, only avenues.
For peace of mind, resign as general manager of the universe.
Freedom can be lost as surely tax by tax, regulation by regulation, asit can be bullet by bullet, missile by missile.
Freedom is for everyone. Or no one.
Freedom of the press is limited to those who have one.
Friends may come and friends may go, but enemies accumulate.
Frustration is not having anyone else to blame but one's self.
Get too many irons in your fire and you'll put it out.
Give all orders verbally. Never write down anything that might go intoa "Pearl Harbor file".
Give me an example of pro and con.Progress and Congress.
Given that Nature limited the intelligence of Man, it seems unfairthat she did not limit the stupidity of Man.
God can't alter history, so he created historians.
God has Alzheimer's disease; he's forgotten that we exist.
God made everything out of nothing. But the nothingness showsthrough.
Government corruption seems always to be reported in the past tense.
Half of conversation is listening.
Have a nice day...somewhere else.
He is all fault who has no fault at all.
He who dies with the most toys, wins!
He who does many things makes many mistakes, but never makes thebiggest mistake of all - doing nothing.
He who endures, wins.
He who has been bitten by six dogs is legitimately suspicious of theseventh.
He who leaves nothing to chance will do very few things wrong, but hewill do very few things at all.
He who lives on hope has a slender diet indeed.
He who looks too far ahead stumbles over his own boots.
He who would climb to the top must leave much behind.
He who would leap high must take a long run.
He who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves.
Hell is l is a city much like Newark.
Hell is not a place. Hell is what hurts worst.
History is the sum total of things that could have been avoided.
History occurs twice - the first time as tragedy, the second time asfarce.
Honesty in politics is much like oxygen.The higher up you go, the scarcer it becomes.
Honesty is the best policy - unless, of course, you are dealing withyour wife, your girlfriend, your banker, your employer, the I.R.S.,your creditors...
How can you tell when a salesman is lying ?When his lips are moving.
How come nowadays the word "honesty" is generally preceded by thephrase "old-fashioned" ?
How long a minute is depends upon which side of the bathroom dooryou're on.
I get my exercise acting as a pallbearer for my friends who exercise.
If a cluttered desk is characteristic of a cluttered mind, what doesan empty desk mean ?
If a problem causes too many meetings, then the meetings eventuallybecome more important than the problem.
If all else fails, read the destructions.
If all the economists in the world were laid end to end, they couldn'treach a conclusion.
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
If builders constructed buildings the way programmers write programs,then the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.
If doctors' intellects were as big as doctors' egos, this would be afar healthier world.
If everything appears to be going well, you obviously don't know whatthe hell is going on.
If it jams - force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
If it's not in the computer, then it doesn't exist.
If it's rational, if it's logical, and if it makes good common sense,then it's simply not done.
If man's best friend is the dog, where does that leave the rest of us?
If mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying bythe page number.
If more than one person is responsible for a miscalculation, no onewill be at fault.
If one views his problem sufficiently closely, he will recognizehimself as part of the problem.
If someone gives you so-called good advice, do the opposite; you maybe certain that that will be the right thing nine times out of ten.
If the facts are against you, argue the law. If the law is againstyou, pound the table and yell like hell.
If the first person who answers the phone can't handle your question,then it's a bureaucracy.
If the gods had really intended men to fly, they'd have made it easierto get to the airport.
If the government hasn't yet taxed, licensed, or regulated it, then itprobably ain't worth anything.
If the nation's economists were all laid end to end, they would pointin all directions.